Updated getting started links (#542)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/integrations/spring/tutorial-spring-basic.asciidoc

[NOTE]
See <<tutorial-spring-basic-mvc#,Using Vaadin with Spring MVC>> to learn how to use Vaadin in more traditional https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html[Spring MVC] web application, without Spring Boot.

https://start.vaadin.com/?preset=lts[Vaadin Start] is the easiest way to create an application with Spring Boot and Vaadin.

> You can also configure and download a Vaadin project using
> https://start.spring.io/#!type=maven-project&language=java&packaging=jar&jvmVersion=11&groupId=org.vaadin&artifactId=example-app&name=example-app&description=Vaadin%20project%20for%20Spring%20Boot&packageName=org.vaadin.example-app&dependencies=vaadin[Spring Initializr] or add the required dependencies manually to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure and download a Vaadin project using https://start.spring.io/#!type=maven-project&language=java&packaging=jar&jvmVersion=11&groupId=org.vaadin&artifactId=example-app&name=example-app&description=Vaadin%20project%20for%20Spring%20Boot&packageName=org.vaadin.example-app&dependencies=vaadin[Spring Initializr] or add the required dependencies manually to your project.
```

== Adding Dependencies

> Like many other tech stacks on Spring Boot, Vaadin provides a starter dependency that provide all essential modules and autoconfiguration. Only the `vaadin-spring-boot-starter` dependency is needed, but it is suggested to also declare the `vaadin-bom` if you need additional Vaadin dependencies. For production builds, it is also suggested to add the `vaadin-maven-plugin`, that generates the optimized JavaScript packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like many other tech stacks on Spring Boot, Vaadin provides a starter dependency that provides all essential modules and auto-configuration. Only the `vaadin-spring-boot-starter` dependency is needed, but it is suggested to also declare `vaadin-bom` if you need additional Vaadin dependencies. For production builds, it is also suggested to add `vaadin-maven-plugin`, which generates the optimized JavaScript packages.
```

[NOTE]
See <<tutorial-spring-basic-mvc#,Using Vaadin with Spring MVC>> to learn how to use Vaadin in more traditional https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html[Spring MVC] web application, without Spring Boot.

> The easiest way to create an application with Spring Boot and Vaadin is to start with a template application created by https://start.vaadin.com/?preset=lts[start.vaadin.com], but you can also configure Vaadin project at https://start.spring.io/#!type=maven-project&language=java&packaging=jar&jvmVersion=11&groupId=org.vaadin&artifactId=example-app&name=example-app&description=Vaadin%20project%20for%20Spring%20Boot&packageName=org.vaadin.example-app&dependencies=vaadin[Spring Initializr] or just add the required dependencies manually to your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
https://start.vaadin.com/?preset=lts[Vaadin Start] is the easiest way to create an application with Spring Boot and Vaadin.
You can also configure and download a Vaadin project using
pass:[<!-- vale Vale.Spelling = NO -->]
https://start.spring.io/#!type=maven-project&language=java&packaging=jar&jvmVersion=11&groupId=org.vaadin&artifactId=example-app&name=example-app&description=Vaadin%20project%20for%20Spring%20Boot&packageName=org.vaadin.example-app&dependencies=vaadin[Spring Initializr]
pass:[<!-- vale Vale.Spelling = YES -->]
or add the required dependencies manually to your project.
```
